[Documentation] remove outdated links, replace placeholders with content (#3343)
bacalhau-project/bacalhau: docs/docs/getting-started/resources.md

Flag | Default | Description
---------|----------|---------
 `--cpu` | 500m | Job CPU cores (e.g. 500m, 2, 8)
 `--memory` | 1Gb | Job Memory requirement (e.g. 500Mb, 2Gb, 8Gb).
 `--gpu` | 0 | Job GPU requirement (e.g. 1).

## WASM Executor

> Due to the peculiarities of WASM, it cannot be limited by CPU or disk space. Besides, WASM has its own RAM limitation - up to 4 GB and cannot use GPU. Therefore, when configuring the WASM executor, you can only specify the `--memory` flag.

Reviewer: Not sure it's peculiar :D 

```suggestion
WebAssembly is not limited by CPU, or disk space, and is unable to use any installed GPU. It also has a limitation on the amount of RAM available - up to a maximum of 4 GB. Therefore, when configuring the WASM executor, you can only specify the `--memory` flag.
```
